Andries Electronics is a company that specializes in the production and distribution of electronic components and systems.

Currently, Andries Electronics is using a combination of on-premises and cloud-based solutions for their IT infrastructure. 
They have local storage and file servers for managing their data, and they use a cloud-based backup and disaster recovery solution to protect their data. 
They also have web and application servers that are hosted on-premises, and they use a cloud-based database solution for managing their customer and product data.

In terms of recommendations, Andries Electronics should consider using a mix of cloud and non-cloud solutions for their infrastructure.
For their local storage and file servers, a non-cloud solution may be more appropriate, as this will provide them with faster access to their data and more control over their environment. 
For their backup and disaster recovery, they could continue using a cloud-based solution, as this will provide them with offsite storage and protection in case of a local failure.

For their web and application servers, a cloud-based solution such as AWS or Azure may be a good option. 
This would allow them to easily scale their infrastructure to meet changing business needs, and would provide them with access to a wide range of tools and services to support their operations. 
In terms of service level and deployment type, they could use a managed service, such as AWS Elastic Beanstalk or Azure App Service, to simplify the process of deploying and managing their web and application servers. They could also choose a deployment type that is appropriate for their workload, such as on-premises, virtual private cloud, or hybrid cloud.

For their database servers, a cloud-based solution such as AWS RDS or Azure SQL Database may be appropriate. 
This would allow them to easily manage and maintain their databases, and would provide them with built-in tools for backup and disaster recovery.

The justification for these recommendations is that they would provide Andries Electronics with a flexible and scalable infrastructure that is able to support their current and future business needs. 
The use of cloud-based solutions would also allow them to reduce their IT costs and complexity, and would provide them with access to a wide range of services and tools to support their operations.
